Ah!
Screw this!
How the hell does stabbing yourself make you stronger?
Ah!
I've got to make some distance so Gris and Folo don't get cut.
Hey!
Come on!
Ow!
Ah!
Aaaaaah!
This freak actually poisoned himself into a mindless murder machine!
The worst part is, his plan to counter Gris' talisman is working!
He figured out it only protects when he's trying to hurt me so damn fast!
Is this guy a whack job? Or a genius?
No. He's something else. What did they call it?
Oh, that's right. A masochist.
Why don't you fight back, you psycho?
Are you a punk or do you actually like getting your butt whooped?
Yeah, you a masochist or something!
Dude, that was so funny!
Hey, Recto. How am I a masochist?
What was that?
Hope that's not it. Cause I don't know how you beat one. Not without it getting weird.
Aaaaaah!
What the hell was that?
Wait, I know that stick.
Damn, I feel worse than a trash be smells.
Yo, Dreads. What's up? I was still breathing and you just walk out on me to beat on him?
Hey, Ruto. Stand back for me. I've still got a score to settle.
I'm gonna get my ass kicked forever.
For nothing!
Yeah!
What do you see with that face?
Be a pain, but the fact I never hurt's the same.
It's under fire, subject to tear. I'm not ever no hunter.
Graffiti, fiend and fire, an angel.
Oh, no, no good, rough heat and rain.
Bull Another hook
Choose no word
Freeze
Damn, dude.
What'd he hit you with? You're looking pretty rough.
Nah, I'm thriving and vibing. Didn't you know? Basic doesn't back down.
Cheers, by the way.
Looks like you finally got your instrument working like it's supposed to.
Gotta say, it's pretty cool. All big and scary. Hard to believe it's yours.
Cool as it is, he's already figured out how to game it. So now I'm barely hanging on. I can't do anything while he's like this.
He's in a fugue state. He's got no intent for your thing to clock.
That's right. But how the hell do you know that?
I've been here for a while, analyzing the fight while waiting for the right moment to interrupt. Figured it'd be helpful, being your teacher and all.
Great!
He's gonna die!
You can't attack with your weapon. Just move your opponent. And old Dredd's there made it so that I can barely move around.
Which means...
Ruto.
Hm?
Let me hit you as hard as I can.
Huh?
I got an idea, but I need help. So be a good student and let me hit you.
The hell are you talking about?
Look, I can hit him. I'm just too slow to get there.
I'm thinking, since your weapon works on intent, attacking you will make it send me where I need to be.
And since my lovely assist staff's got a whole lot more reach than your fist, I can wail on him before he gets close enough to use his claws on me again.
And what happens if you're wrong, huh? I get my face all busted up for nothing?
You saying you can't suck it up, Spherite?
Well, damn.
I'm not going to let you get away with this.
Whatever happens, do not let those claws touch you. Even the tiniest scratch will drop you, and you'll be wriggling on the ground like a dying bug.
Just thinking about it pisses me the hell off.
Suck it up.
Yeah, you asked for this.
Strike!
Wow, my insanely dumb idea actually worked.
Zonka!
Huh?
You jerk! You legit tried to hurt me, didn't you?
Don't be like that. It was a test.
What's important is that it worked.
So let's move on and appreciate the surprisingly effective synergy we've got.
We're in the fun part of fighting for our lives.
Beef with your
HEARا
Nice.
Let's go!
No good.
Damn, you've gotta of range with that weapon.
You could be a little more gentle with me, though.
Nah, just suck it up.
Why you always gotta be such an asshole?
Isaac!
I can't!
No need for consistency right now.
Hey, it's Mr. Bad Attitude!
Oh, yeah.
I think that finally did the trick, just in time.
Oh, everything hurts.
No, no, no!
Oh, shit!
But why?
I didn't do anything, I swear!
I didn't!
That was unexpected.
Does his vital instrument put a time limit on his weapons?
Or is there more to it?
Chris gave me his precious treasure.
And I...
I...
I can't...
I can't fix...
Hey, calm down.
It's not the end of the world.
Oh, don't tell me.
Damn it.
When the hell did he get you with his claws?
He must learn the eigentlich smart way.
cz
¿Este es Consciente?
Ostras, esta 2008 presented the 50th Anniversary of
¡Esta es la cosmic nitrosidad, es dime!
No Neo, no.
Knock it off already.
I just beat the shit out of you.
What the hell is up with this?
You can thank my left claws.
What? No way. Those things can heal you?
What? No, man! You crazy!
These claws can't heal nothing.
You see?
But they do more than hack and slash.
In small doses, my left claws make all the pain go away.
And that's just one of their tricks.
But man, you worked me over way better than I thought you'd be able to.
Mad props to you and my friend, Ruto.
Y'all were tied.
FYI about my right claw.
It's old news for me, so it only works for about ten minutes.
But for you, I'm thinking it'll be about thirty.
Which means it's time for you to re-up.
I'm not gonna let you down.
Now if you'll excuse me, I've got a kid to nap.
Don't wanna get chewed out for screwing up a mission again.
Ready to go, buddy?
Come on, then.
Bye, Mr. Bad Attitude.
See you, kid.
Yeah.
Bye, Miss.
See ya.
Aw, snap.
I forgot about the Mud Flinger and the Shoe Man.
Yeah, I don't care.
You know who'll pick em up.
Do something, dammit!
Kick or scream or lift a stupid finger!
Do something to fix it. It's my fault. I broke everything
Damn it damn it
Damn it
What's up, we were in a building just a second ago
Found you
Oh
Me oh me oh my you guys made a real mess
Looks like you could use a serious cleaning
I
So your plan was to lure our people into some random sub basement one you at least knew is deep enough to cut off their choker comms
Then you wait spring your trap and ambush them while they can't call for backup
That's just as cliche as it gets man
Oh
Thankfully told me and the others found a phone in the town nearby
Otherwise you'd have missed out on my ugly mug engine wait. He clearly didn't take Ruto without a fight
It might be too late for Chris and the others
No way in hell those guys won't break so easily well, they probably need help so you best get on that
Yeah
You look like you could really mess me up
Here I am barely standing
Vulnerable, yeah, I'm looking at me like something you flush down a toilet
Careful now I can only get so erect
Dude is this what you've been dealing with this whole time I can see why you're just lying there
Hey, man, you're looking better than I expected good on ya the hell he is
The poor kid can barely even breathe right now
That really bum rag he heard a member of our team and that is unforgivable
It's unforgivable
Shut your mouth
The point is we've got some questions that you're gonna answer
But first off you really think you could mess with the cleaners and just run back to whatever dank hole you came from
Oh, don't stop
Now tell me how you're gonna lock me up forever?
While I start cooking up some wild jailbreak ideas that'll satisfy my inches
Sadly that's as far as it'll go
I've got orders to follow and they were very explicit about bringing Ruto back with me
But for real, I just want to piss y'all off by high tailing it
But even with me knocking on death's door that ain't happening cuz I can't go back until I do what I was told
Man there's so many people out there!
It sucks so hard!
You little...
Jabber, let's go
Time's up
Let go of me Chthoni! I ain't done yet! I just said I can't leave without Ruto!
No, it's over
Besides the goon squad's in the way. So we're leaving.
What the hell? What'd she pop out of?
No, I'm not! The game's not over!
I ain't about to leave!
Right when it's getting good, so you best back off and leave me be!
Jabber. When I headed out, the boss was smiling
Well would you look at that... It got super late all of a sudden
I'd hate to cut and run, but I've got a scurry home.
You understand.
Sorry.
Hold up, is that a manhole?
Yo, Ruto.
You got some pretty good game for a worn-out, foul-mouthed, butt-hurt, ratchety, short-stacked sphereite.
But wait, my poison's probably gonna keep him in la-la land for a minute.
You can just tell him I said bye when he gets up.
Where do you think you're going, asshole?
This isn't...
This isn't over!
Oh.
You're still awake after that jab I snuck past you, my guy?
I'm gonna make you pay!
I'm gonna make what you did to Gris look like a paper cut!
Until I do, this isn't over!
I love that fight you got in you, you know that?
What do you say next time we siege?
Those gloves.
I know that pattern.
You got an object from that series, too?
Huh?
Who'd have thunk?
That's straight-up crazy!
Oh, man, the boss is gonna be so happy when I tell him.
I really gotta head out now.
Next time.
Next time I'm gonna come better prepared to leave with you in tow.
Be sure to take good care of those things, too, then.
Can't wait to play!
Okay.
People, please, try using the
HOLO
fitness
device and
Block Authority
I'm sorry.
I was going to give your talisman back, but I wrecked it.
Rude, though.
I've put lots of care into it.
But if it helped,
even in the smallest way it could,
then it was all worth it.
You did good today, Rude.
Thank you, Instrumental.
I really appreciate it, Rude.
Thanks for coming to the ainda.
Though I've been out on this earth for years,
I always enjoy every moment when I think of this rest here.
You should have only been saltwater
Then I noticed you're done fucking with me.
Well, I'm feelin' good right now!
See ya later!
Bye, everybody.
I- I'm going home.
Yeah, talk to you later.
Thank you.